{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ------------------------------------------------\
09/20/2019\
\
Discussed what technologies to use\
- ReactJS\
- Possibly use SQLlite\
\
Discussed questions that we need to ask the professor\
\
Starting discussing how we're going to divide our tasks for the report and beginning design\
\
------------------------------------------------\
09/27/2019\
\
- Went through the interview notes\
- Wrote user stories from the interview notes\
- Discussed how to divide the work for the SRS document\
- Discussed the personas\

\f1\b \
DEFINITION OF DONE:
\f0\b0 \
	- Feature works, UI validation, Unit Tests, \'93Manual Test\'94 to check our test cases pass, add comments to code for readability if unclear.\
\

\f1\b \ul TODO:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
	- Need to ask the professor what we need to do exactly for the traceability matrix\
\
------------------------------------------------\
10/04/2019\
\
- went through SRS Document, discussed what to add/discard, formatting etc.\
- asked TA about specifications, more specific = better ex: a user entering a form with firstname,lastname,username, passord etc.\
- discussed teams for design component, frontend/backend\

\f1\b \ul TODO:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
	- Conclusion\
	- Acronyms & Glossary\
	- Accomodation of changes\
	- Break down the use case diagram & decide where to put\
	- Review the draft of the report\




}